[Music]
[Music] now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers
now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers
now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to david and cedar trees with Mason's
to david and cedar trees with Mason's
to david and cedar trees with Mason's and carpenters to build him a house
and carpenters to build him a house
and carpenters to build him a house so David knew that the Lord had
so David knew that the Lord had
so David knew that the Lord had established him as king over Israel for
established him as king over Israel for
established him as king over Israel for his kingdom was highly exalted for the
his kingdom was highly exalted for the
his kingdom was highly exalted for the sake of his people Israel then David
sake of his people Israel then David
sake of his people Israel then David took more wives in Jerusalem and David
took more wives in Jerusalem and David
took more wives in Jerusalem and David begat more sons and daughters and these
begat more sons and daughters and these
begat more sons and daughters and these are the names of his children whom he
are the names of his children whom he
are the names of his children whom he had in Jerusalem
had in Jerusalem
had in Jerusalem Shambu a show Beth Nathan
Shambu a show Beth Nathan
Shambu a show Beth Nathan Solomon Yaba le schewe L pellet Noga
Solomon Yaba le schewe L pellet Noga
Solomon Yaba le schewe L pellet Noga knee fake
knee fake
knee fake Sofia Elisha ma vie Lida and Allah
Sofia Elisha ma vie Lida and Allah
Sofia Elisha ma vie Lida and Allah Philip now when the Philistines heard
Philip now when the Philistines heard
Philip now when the Philistines heard that David had been anointed king over
that David had been anointed king over
that David had been anointed king over all Israel all the Philistines went up
all Israel all the Philistines went up
all Israel all the Philistines went up to search for David and David heard of
to search for David and David heard of
to search for David and David heard of it and went out against them then the
it and went out against them then the
it and went out against them then the Philistines went and made a raid on the
Philistines went and made a raid on the
Philistines went and made a raid on the valley of Rephaim and David inquired of
valley of Rephaim and David inquired of
valley of Rephaim and David inquired of God shall I go up against the
God shall I go up against the
God shall I go up against the Philistines will you deliver them into
Philistines will you deliver them into
Philistines will you deliver them into my hand go up for I will deliver them
my hand go up for I will deliver them
my hand go up for I will deliver them into your hand
into your hand
into your hand so they went up to bale paracin and
so they went up to bale paracin and
so they went up to bale paracin and david defeated them there then David
david defeated them there then David
david defeated them there then David said God has broken through my enemies
said God has broken through my enemies
said God has broken through my enemies by my hand like a breakthrough of water
by my hand like a breakthrough of water
by my hand like a breakthrough of water therefore they called the name of that
therefore they called the name of that
therefore they called the name of that place Bale Harrison and when they left
place Bale Harrison and when they left
place Bale Harrison and when they left their gods there David gave a
their gods there David gave a
their gods there David gave a commandment and they were burned with
commandment and they were burned with
commandment and they were burned with fire then the Philistines once again
fire then the Philistines once again
fire then the Philistines once again made a raid on the valley
made a raid on the valley
made a raid on the valley therefore David inquired a gain of God
therefore David inquired a gain of God
therefore David inquired a gain of God and God said to him you shall not go up
and God said to him you shall not go up
and God said to him you shall not go up after them Circle around em and come
after them Circle around em and come
after them Circle around em and come upon them in front of the mulberry trees
upon them in front of the mulberry trees
upon them in front of the mulberry trees and it shall be when you hear a sound of
and it shall be when you hear a sound of
and it shall be when you hear a sound of marching in the tops of the mulberry
marching in the tops of the mulberry
marching in the tops of the mulberry trees then you shall go out to battle
trees then you shall go out to battle
trees then you shall go out to battle for God has gone out before you to
for God has gone out before you to
for God has gone out before you to strike the camp of the Philistines
so David did as God commanded him and
so David did as God commanded him and they drove back the army of the
they drove back the army of the
they drove back the army of the Philistines from Gibeon as far as giza
Philistines from Gibeon as far as giza
Philistines from Gibeon as far as giza then the fame of David went out into all
then the fame of David went out into all
then the fame of David went out into all lands and the law brought the fear of
lands and the law brought the fear of
lands and the law brought the fear of him upon all nations